Jswope00/migrate learner docs (#828)
openedx/docs.openedx.org: source/learners/SFD_teams.rst

.. image:: /_images/learners/Teams_SearchTeams.png
  :width: 500
  :alt: The search field on the topic page.

.. note:: You can only use whole words for searching teams.

.. _Join a Team:

******************
Join a Team
******************

When you have found a team you want to join, select **Join Team**.

.. note:: If a team is full, or if you already belong to a team, the
   **Join Team** button is not available.

.. image:: /_images/learners/Teams_JoinTeamButton.png
  :width: 500
  :alt: The Join Team button on the **Team Details** page.

You are added as a member. Your profile is added to the list of team member
profiles, and you can participate in the team's discussions. The team that you
joined appears on your **My Team** page.

.. note:: You can only belong to one team at a time. If you belong to a team,
   but find another team that you want to join, you must leave the first team
   before you can join a new one. For information about leaving a team, see
   :ref:`Leave a Team`.

.. Add back Invite Friends section when this feature becomes available

.. _Leave a Team:

******************
Leave a Team
******************

> .. note:: EdX recommends that you do not change teams after work in a course

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note:: it is recommended that you do not change teams after work in a course
```

   in mind that if your team details make the team membership seem too
   selective, other learners might be discouraged from joining.

   .. note:: Be careful in entering your team details. After you save the
      details for your new team, you cannot change them, and you cannot delete
      your team.

.. Do we want to mention to learners that course staff can edit and delete teams?

6. When you have finished adding your team details, click **Create**.

   Your new team appears in the list of team under your selected topic. You
   are automatically added as a team member.

..   Commented out until feature is added: For information about inviting
..   friends to join a team, see :ref:`Inviting Friends to Join Your Team`.

************************************
Participating in Team Discussions
************************************

After you join a team, you can participate in discussions on your team page
with other members.

Although you can view discussions in any team, you must belong to a team to
add new posts and responses to the team's discussion.

Team discussions work in the same way as your course discussions. For

> information about course discussions, see :ref:`Anatomy of edX Course

Reviewer: ```suggestion
information about course discussions, see :ref:`Anatomy of Open edX Course
```
